Design for business
-------------------

goods to trade:
horse, bow, rice(food)

Objectives
----------
1 allow country or area to manipulate their resources
2 allow player to improve their skills and reputation
3 use traders to distribute quests (sell quests)
4 combine with a bandit system, goods can be stolen by 
  bandits in the area; traders will request the help
  to retrieve the goods -> initiate a war to bandits


Details
-------
only areas that are level 3 to 5 have traders

nw - longxi, xiliang, tianshui
nc - qinchuan, anding, xianyang, jingyang
c  - changan, hongnong, luoyang
ne - taiyuan, shangdang

The areas are grouped into regions
to facilitate the traders route.
Each trader in general will visit each region in random order
and then visit each area in the region in random order

(Optional: certain areas may be preferred by the traders
due to a higher demand of goods sold by the trader;
certain areas are avoided because of war or the safety level
is low - bandits)

we may allow the adjustment of traders frequencies to test
the system, whether there are sufficient traders.

When each trader moves to a new area, their new location
will be announced.
Officers (players) in the area can ask for a local meeting
to decide whether to sell or buy certain goods.
In the meeting, the officers will vote whether to approve
the suggestion, if approved, the player who suggests will
get the task. 
(and how much goods)

Once approved, the trader will be summoned to the meeting place
to begin the trading.

The trader can be classified into 2 types:
- money-minded ¼éÉÌ
- normal

Each trader may deal with only 1 type of good or all types.


For the money-minded, his selling price quote is always high
price may be based on the demand for the good, the safety
level and the finance of the area.

The player can accept the price. (Trade done)
or refused and suggest another price.
If the suggested price is low, the trader may left (Trade incomplete)
If price is close to trader price, trader may accept (Trade done)
otherwise, trader will give player a second chance.

The player should now suggest a price in-between. (normal to high)
The trader will consider this price based primary on your
negotiation skill(we can use meili) and also other factors.

If trader accept new price (Trade done)
If refused (Trade incomplete)
--- Trade over ---


For the normal trader, his selling price may be high or normal
price based on demand for the good, the safety level

The player can accept the price. (Trade done)
or refused and suggest another price.
If the suggested price is low (selling price normal), or
if the suggested price is normal (selling price high),
the trader may left and refused to come back for a year
(Trade incomplete, -> player is auto-demoted)

If price is close to trader price, trader may accept (Trade done)
otherwise, trader will give player a second chance.

The player should now suggest a price in-between.
The trader consider this price based primary on your
negotiation skill(a lesser factor this time)

If trader accept new price (Trade done)
If refused (Trade incomplete)
or refused to come back for a year (price is not close)
 -> player is auto-demoted
--- Trade over ---

Optional scenario after trade done:
Leader ask for any other matter.
If another player thinks the price is too high,
he can lodge a complain to the leader to demote the first player(buyer)

The leader figures out the finance condition and the price
and decide whether the price is indeed too high.
If it is, the player(buyer) is demoted (this will not apply
 to a player that uses the second chance to agree on the price)
If it is not, the player who complains may be demoted

--- Complain over ---

Benefits, punishments

accept immediately - reputation up, trader give a quest
trader accept 1st quote - reputation, meili up
trader accept 2nd quote - reputation, meili, zhimou up
trader left - reputation, meili down
demoted(auto) - reputation drop a level, meili, zhimou down

--- ---

The traders may now sell the quest
ask trader about quest

(Quite similar flow if player sell goods to trader)

Do we have a quest system now?
How about bandits? (Player can be bandits)

lcm
